Release v2.5.0 (#53)
skyway/skyway-android-sdk: release-notes.en.md

[日本語](./release-notes.md)

## [Version 2.5.0](https://github.com/skyway/skyway-android-sdk/releases/tag/v2.5.0) - 2021-02-02

### Changed

> - Optimized `dataChannel.send()` interval when multiple data are sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optimized sending interval of `dataChannel.send()` to send data continuously without delay.
```

> - Changed `dataChannel.send()` interval so that multiple data can be transmitted without delay even when continuously transmitting at an intervals of less than 100 msec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed `dataChannel.send()` interval so that multiple data can be transmitted without delay even when those data are continuously transmitted at an intervals of less than 100 msec.
```
